# DraftKings

The goal is to demonstrate your code organization, architecture, style and creativity. Expected time needed would be about 4 hours. We understand that you may have other commitments throughout the week. The request is to complete the project and share the code within. If this is a problem or if you have any questions please let me know.

Requirements:
Must use Ruby
Please host the code on Github

Step 1:
Import the players from the following CBS api for baseball, football, and basketball.
http://api.cbssports.com/fantasy/players/list?version=3.0&SPORT=baseball&response_format=JSON

Step 2:
Create a JSON api endpoint for a player. Like seen below
{
id:
name_brief:
first_name:
last_name:
position:
age:
average_position_age_diff:
}

Each element in the JSON should be self explanatory except for the following two.

name_brief:
For football players it should be first initial and their last name like P. Manning
          For basketball players it should be first name plus last initial like  Kobe B.
For baseball players it should be just first initial and last initial like G. S.

average_position_age_diff:
This value should the difference in the age of the player and the average age for his position


Submission:
When you are finished please send me a link to the github repository. If it’s a private repository, you can add me as a collaborator. Github Username: Nicolo

=======

## Setup

This is a classic Ruby on Rails project setup. 

Prereqs:
1. A github account setup with ssh keys on your computer.
1. Latest versions of ruby and rails if you don't have it. (recommend using rvm)
1. Setup mysql (recommend using homebrew)

Setup:
1. clone repo `git@github.com:nilu/test.git`
1. cd to repo in the terminal of your choice
1. run `bundle install` (type it in terminal)
1. run `rake db:create`
1. run `rake db:migrate`
1. run `rails s` 
1. Go to web browser of your choice. navigate to localhost:3000 (or wherever your rails server points to)

===
